Governing Document
    Develop a governing docuemnt (Costitution/Code of Conduct/etc.) for your organization that includes the guidelines for members to follow
    The document should clearly define leadership opportunities (ex. President, VP, Chairman, Secretary, etc.)
    The document should be reviewed once a year
    
Meetings
    Provide the day, time, and location of your meetings and update it at the beginning of every quarter
    Organizations should meet a minimum of once a quarter
    A tracker sheet should be completed and returned after every meeting/event
    
Finances
    All funds raised, gifted, or allotted to the club should be deposited into the student organization's account within 48 hours
    Any money needed from the account may be acquired through a reciept or check request
    Any items purchased through the PTC Cafe can be acquired with a voucher from Student Activities
    
Fundraising 
    All organizations must complete the Guidelines for Student Organizations Fundraising form prior to organizing the event, activity, etc.
    
Signage, Rooms, and Tables
    Signage can be made by an organization member or through our Marketing Department. Signage should be submitted to Student Activities for prior approval before given to Marketing
    All room reservations requests should be made by the advisor
    If you would like to reserve a table on level 4, notify Student Activites to put on the Reservation Calendar
    
Social Media
    Do not crate Pittsgurgh Technical College social media properties. Do not create social media pages or groups affiliated with Pittsburgh Technical College. If you or your PTC organization has news to share via social media, please submit that information to Student Activites
    
Campus Environment
    Each organization will participate in four PTC sponsored events per year (PTC Carnival, Alchohol Mix-Off, Activities Fairs, etc.)
    
Community Service
    Each club will sponsor a minimum of one community service project per year
    All community service events must be approved by the faculty/staff advisor
    The Community Service Event Form should be completed and submitted to the Community Service Coordinator prior to the event
    
Off Campus Trips
    Any organization wishing to sponsor a trip to an off-campus activity (conference, workshop, and special event) must register the trip with the Student Activities Office
    A designated advisor must accompany students on off-campus trips
    
Inactive Status
    It is expected that PTC student organizations follow the guidelines listed above. An organization will be deemed "inactive" if at least one quarter of total inactivity has been experienced or does not complete the campus environment/community service expectation
    All further benefits associated with PTC and the organization are rescinded and any funds will be forfeited
    
-------------------------------------

Guidelines for Student Organization Fundraising
Student Organizations are subject to following rules and regulations
    All student organizations wanting to fundraise must obtain approval from both their advisor and Director of Student Activities. This approval process is accomplished through the submission of the Fundraising Request Form two weeks prior to the date of the proposed fundraiser
    The student organization must have a collection box ot bank bag on-site to store the money. If you do not have one, Student Activities will provide one for you
    At the location of the fundraiser, the registered organization must post visible information regarding the details of the fundraiser
    Money raised and/or collected must be deposited with the Student Activites Department within 48 hours of the completion of the fundraiser. Money may also be deposited in Student Activities throughout the duration of the fundraiser for safe keeping
    In is suggested that organizations keep a two person system with the money. Two people should sign off on money collected
    All checks must be writted out to PTC
    An individual ot individual of the student organization may not participate for private financial gain
    Door-to-door sales/solicitation to the academics/administration is strongly prohibited. Upon request, Student Activites will provide a table on Level 4 for no longer than 2 weeks for the fundraiser or 1 continuous week for a raffle